MUSIC: 20th Century Boy by T.Rex.
♪ Yeah
♪ Friends say it's fine
♪ Friends say it's good
♪ Everybody says it's just like
rock and roll... ♪
TYRES SQUEAL
SHE GASPS
Whoops!
♪ I move like a cat
Charge like a ram
♪ Sting like a bee
♪ Babe. I wanna be your man
♪ Hey
♪ Well. it's plain to see
You were meant for me. yeah... ♪
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
-Oh. it's looking good. Dave.
-No worries.
CHURCH BELL RINGS
MUSIC: Young Hearts Run Free
by Candi Staton.
♪ What's the sense in sharing
♪ This one and only life
♪ Ending up just another
lost and lonely wife. ♪
Oh. this is just perfect. isn't it?
You know when the estate agent
showed me around. she said.
"I'm so sorry. you're going to have
to gut the place.
"It's not been touched
since the '70s.
I said. "Are you kidding. love?
It's perfect."
It is like a time capsule.
Just got time to get me
lucky frame up before we open.
MUSIC CONTINUES ON RADIO
What is that?
I ran away to London
when I was a teenager.
Got into hairdressing. and I was
working all the high-end salons.
All the top folk were coming in.
I knew 'em all and they knew me.
It were lovely.
And when they'd had a whizzer
and I was sweeping up after.
I'd preserve a lock.
Rod Stewart.
David Cassidy. look.
George Best.
So black. it's almost deep blue.
Noddy Holder.
Blondie.
It's The Goodies.
Kate Bush.
Parkinson himself.
Ah. Donna Summer.
That is a clip of Bjorn's beard
from ABBA.
And my prize -
a snip of dear David.
Bowie.
From his Ziggy days.
Sorry. it's just. it is
eight tenths off the perpendicular
and a centimetre
off the vertical. so...
-may I?
-Yeah.
So exciting.
I've been researching the '70s
since I got the job.
I like to be thorough.
I noticed that at your interview.
Is that why I got the job?
Oh. hey. I do like this music.
CHUCKLES: That is why
you got the job.
-Go on. give us a twirl.
-Oh...!
Oh. no!
Be gone!
Go on.
Be... gone!
Scoot!
Dreadful woman.
HE SIGHS
Watch out!
Yeah. it's mainly junk.
I'm gutting the place. yeah.
Having a right good clear out.
and there's one or two things
you might want to pass your
experienced eye over.
WHISPERS: - Mr Terry.
I've got a hair appointment.
-What?
-A hair appointment!
Shush!
Sorry. Race.
Well. to be honest. Terrance.
I don't envisage there being much
for me.
And to be frank. I don't fancy
a trip out for nowt.
Hey! Don't be too hasty.
there's a few choice things.
'Ere. let me look.
Nice candle stick.
condiment holder.
antique cup and saucer.
One second. pray.
Er. please describe.
Well. it's...
Wait there. let me take a photo.
Hang on. Let me get some light.
Two seconds. Race.
MESSAGE WHOOSHES
MESSAGE ALERT PINGS
Did you get the photo?
Yes. yes. I got it all right.
I'm coming over.
Keep it safe.
CALL DISCONNECTS
Result!
HE HUMS TO HIMSELF
Mr Terry. we agreed that
if I worked late last night.
I could have a few hours off today.
-I'm already late - and if I miss that bus...
-Yes! Yes.
Go. then. toddle on.
You did say you'd try and sort
something out for the charity shop.
I've already donated
my Frank's stuff after he...
Oh. yes. yes.
Oh. just take that box of crap.
It's going in the skip anyway.
Move it!
And get back pronto!
Blooming heck. what a rush.
CHURCH BELL CHIMES
DOORBELL RINGS
Sorry I'm so late.
Sorry. So sorry.
-Can I leave this here?
-'Course you can.
I've got to get it down
the charity shop.
Then after that. straight on the bus
and back to work.
Sorry.
That painting's a bit
circa 1970s. innit?
Oh. have it if you like.
It was destined for the skip.
Just don't ask me
which way up it goes.
She's struggling for lolly.
poor love.
Ooh! 25% off.
Welcome is that.
-How did you know?
-I'm a hairdresser. Read the cut. kid.
-What?
-She's Mutt and Jeff in her left ear as well.
You're our first-ever customer.
-Pardon. love?
-You're our first-ever customer.
Oh. sorry. love. I'm bit hard of
hearing in this blinking side.
-Sorry.
-She has the hair always pushed back over the left ear.
You can see the permanent kink.
I'm Val. by the way.
Valerie Stromboli. isn't it?
It is. love. There hangs a tale.
I remember me first cut here
as a girl.
Me mother brought me.
It's exactly the same.
In fact. I think that very track
was playing.
-Oh. it's lovely. isn't it?
-Clary's a convert!
So. please take a seat
in Sir Swivel.
SHE GASPS
Are you all right?
I never look in a mirror for
more than a second or two lately.
Look at the sorry. sorry state
of me.
Are you sure you're all right?
Can I get you a tea? Or a coffee?
Ever since my Frank went...
I've let meself go.
SHE SOBS
Hey. you're with us now.
Leave yourself in my hands.
DOORBELL TINKLES
I'm here for my appointment.
Sorry. at... At what time was it?
-Now.
I've got nothing in my book.
I'm afraid.
Every third month.
I have it on this time on this date.
I'm sorry. the last owner's
sold up. love.
-But it's no problem if you can wait.
-No!
Oh. dear!
Don't give her any mind.
That's Miss Pru.
No need to explain.
Those with straight fringes that go
thataway are always like that.
-What do you mean?
-They've no patience.
She moves around the town like that.
That's bob on. They call her
Miss Pru Never Queue.
Yeah. she lives alone.
she was in the teaching profession.
probably.
and she is not popular with anyone.
Yes! How did you know?
Oh. she's like
the Hairdressing Holmes.
Elementary. my dear Clary.
Got the whole blinking lot there.
all right.
except she's no time for anyone
except her titchy dog.
And even she can't stand her!
Spinster of the parish?
Oh. not quite.
I could tell you a few things
about old Pru
and a certain gentleman
antique dealer.
Ooh! Hanky panky?
Well. let's just say
furtive conversations
in darkened corners.
Ooh. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I can't settle until I've got
that box to the charity shop
and back to work.
-Don't you worry about that. I'll nip it up in me break.
-Ooh!
Thanks.
She's not moving!
Ooh! She's scary. her.
Let me get my maddy baddy face on.
Not yet!
It's on the sign!
Never fails.
SHE CHUCKLES
Oh. there's another one.
Oh!
Not...
Oh. my God! It's her. it's her!
It's you. the new hairdresser
in town.
You're not supposed to be in
cos of the sale.
-Oh.
-But sod it sideways. Come on in. Come in!
-I was just bringing a box...
-Put the box down there.
-Ta. dove.
-Thanks. And would you mind terribly...
-Oh. what's these leaflets?
-Well. you know.
Well. welcome
to the Harrods of hand-me-downs.
as it's known!
HE LAUGHS
Here. let's get
these product placed.
Ooh! 25% off.
-Get this. Dobbie.
-Oh. I'll have some of that.
THEY ALL LAUGH
What brought you here. dear?
Oh. a place of my own. somewhere
quiet. doing what I love best.
-What about you?
-Same. Samesies.
I danced all over -
cabarets. casinos. cruises -
till me tendons screamed out
for mercy.
And I find me calling here.
among the cast-offs.
-Aw!
-Don't encourage him.
He'll be giving his story via means
of interpretive dance in a minute.
Where do you come from?
Worked in London most of my career.
Oh! I got a taste of t'smoke an all.
-A drag review off Piccadilly.
-Oh!
♪ I'm wearing
♪ Second hand hats
♪ Second hand clothes
BOTH SING: ♪ Never had
a single thing that's new. ♪
We had Danny La Rue
in our shop once.
Don't tell me. was you working
at Sassoon's.
and Leonard of Mayfair.
all that lot?
Yep.
Be still. my beating heart.
That must have been marvellous.
Here you are. meet the mob.
-Lonnie.
-Lily.
And on ironing and pricing
and everything else. we have...
Dobbie!
THEY LAUGH
Our Gran Friday. She does the lot.
Oh. and on sorting
and sullen grunts.
we have The Bad Lads in the back.
-WHISPERS: - Community service.
-Right. right. right. right.
Lads!
BOTH: - 'Ey up.
They won't be requiring your
25% off. as you may have noticed.
Good thing you've come
when you've come.
We're about to lower the drawbridge.
-God save us.
-Mmm!
Hang on to everything
that's not nailed down.
-Dobbie's bingo dobber went last time. didn't it. love?
-Yeah.
Here. you'll be losing this one
an' all.
Initialled an' all.
Me lucky dobber.
Dobbie's bingo barmy. Goes nowhere
without her dobber. do you. dovelet?
Oh! Ha-ha!
Cheeky!
I had a lipstick that hue in '72.
THEY LAUGH
God love us. what a mess!
Dear. oh. dear.
Terrance!
All right. Race? Hey? Yeah?
All right. yes. Just brushing off
the dust and the past.
Too many memories. you see.
I recall this establishment
in its heyday.
I bet you do!
The last owner just took off.
I got it as a job lot.
-Oh. yeah?
-So much junk.
Hey. let me show you that teacup.
Oh. yes. yes. yes!
Oh!
Oh. wait.
Daft mare's taken the wrong box.
Right. before we go any further.
this was definitely it?
-'Course it bloody were!
-Right. sorry. where is it?
The charity shop.
You do realise it was worth 35
at least?
Oh. great!
That's 35 quid down the Swanee.
No.
35.000!
I'm sorry I'm late.
Do you like me hair?
What?
Here!
-What a haul.
-I know.
It was like Raiders of the Lost Ark.
though I did get out by a whisker.
-What?
-The charge of the four-for-two tsunami.
Hey. and guess who was at the head
of it. elbowing like a good 'un?
-Who?
-Miss Pru.
She glared at me with.
"Get out of my way or die!"
And the corners on that trolley...
Ow!
Like the daggers
on Boudicca's chariot wheel.
Come on. Val.
step out for goodness' sake.
-I'm so sorry! -Hurry up!
-Hop in the back.
GEARS GRIND
OK. Right hand. red.
DOORBELL TINKLES
Oh. Val. your beautiful barnet.
The box! Have you still got
that box?
What?!
LILY AND CLARY SHRIEK
-Where's the teacup!
-Sorry?
-The teacup. man!
-Sorry. what?
It was in the box I brought.
Oh. that box.
It's still by the door.
-Shift!
-Ooh!
Shift!
Nothing here.
It must have been sold. then.
Didn't see it go. no.
I never miss a sale or a receipt.
Whatever the siege.
no teacup passed by me.
Listen here. you.
I need that teacup back.
And listen here. foghorn.
no teacup was sold.
-You saying it's been nicked?
-Must have been.
I want this place turning over.
you hear me?!
I want my teacup back!
It's been turned over.
Everything's gone.
There's been tons of people
through this place.
It could be anywhere.
-I want it!
-Hey. Hey!
Calm down. Calm down. old boy.
Someone must have
seen something. right?
I'm letting you know.
I will get that cup and saucer back
if it kills me
or I have to kill someone!
And you're sacked!
VALERIE SOBS
Just to explain his rather
over-temperate reaction.
This is a piece dating from
the 18th century.
Oh. swipe me sideways!
I mean. it is what you might call
most collectable.
Here. see.
Oh. that's beautiful.
Exquisite.
Oh. I like that. It's lovely.
And it is worth £35.000.
EVERYONE GASPS
But cup must come with saucer.
Only the best for you.
It was crazy.
And Lonnie turned the whole shop
over again once they'd gone
and it wasn't there.
CAR HORN BLARES
Oh!
The van just missed her.
It was going hell for leather.
Oh! She's terrified. poor thing.
Let's have a look
at the identification.
Miss Prudence Snook.
114. Chapel Street.
I reckon that's that Miss Pru
that came in here.
-They did say she had a dog.
-Ooh. -Poor baby.
We better get her back.
It's OK.
Oh!
-Oh. no! -Guess it must be that one.
-It must be that one.
LILY LAUGHS
Lily!
We can't just...
Miss Pru!
-We found your dog.
-Lily!
We can't just...
Miss Pru?
-Clary.
-Yeah?
DOG WHIMPERS
That's what I've heard anyway.
Take care.
And if you hear anything else.
you know...
Miss Pru was known to the police.
-She was diagnosed as a kleptomaniac.
-Blimey!
We were watching her but assured
by her doctor that she was cured.
Obviously not.
I mean. it looks like a simple and
sad accident waiting to happen.
There's way too much stuff here.
she was climbing the ladder
and fell.
-I'm sorry. you can't come in here.
-Oh. sorry.
What's going on?
Just on me way back from bingo.
saw the police car and that.
I'll have to ask you to leave.
thank you.
There's been an accident.
It's Miss Pru. She's dead.
WOMAN GASPS
Terrible accident.
according to the undertakers.
Crushed to death by her own spoils.
Now. please. ladies.
I really need everyone...
She was a kleptomaniac. it seems.
Eh?
Isn't that like a thief
who's not a thief?
Kleptomania is the inability
to resist the urge to steal items.
usually for reasons other than
personal use or financial gain.
She got stuff from all over
the village. by the looks of things.
-Crushed. you say?
-Mmm...
Right there.
God. what a way to go.
Seen quite a few things
from the charity shop.
Right. please. madam.
both of you will have to leave now.
I recognise that sun dial.
That's from the park.
Yes. yes. out you go. please.
Nothing too large or too small.
it seems.
Oh. look. there.
Those curling tongs!
They're ours. aren't they?
Yes. they are. She must have taken
them when she came in the shop.
God. she was quick and crafty.
all right.
-Blimey!
-Best not to touch anything yet.
Oh. right. Yeah.
CLATTERING. SMASHING
LOUD SNEEZE
I'm allergic to dogs.
That's me gone.
Where's...?
News Flash?
That's what we call Wincey.
She'll be off now. It'll be
all over the village in a trice.
I don't know
if this is the right time.
but can you book me in
for 10.00 tomorrow?
-You got that. Clary?
-Yeah. I will do.
Bye. all. So. so sad.
LOUD SNEEZE
Lily. she's all on her own.
What's going to happen to her now?
-She'll be put in a pound over night.
-Oh. the poor little thing.
Clary. get her food and some tins.
We'll take her overnight.
Oh. I'm not sure the protocol...
Yeah... Yeah...
I'll just...
I'll just make a note of it.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
There might be more to this
than meets the eye?
Can't think on an empty stomach.
Let's settle the dog
and then I'll treat you to a meal.
WINCEY: - What I'm hearing is that
she was one of those klepto-thingys...
Not actually eaten here before.
-Cheers. mate. -Hail!
-Hail!
-Hail.
-Now I come to think of it.
I were always a box of wooden forks
down when she'd been by.
Yeah. it's like everything
she'd stolen just turned on her.
-Pru.
-Does anyone know any more? No. Well. listen to this.
Apparently. she stormed out
of the charity shop earlier.
She stormed in and out of here.
Dobbie from charity shop were in
buying everyone a chippy tea
to cheer 'em up. I mean.
it's been chaos down there today.
Oh. aye. yeah - the incident
with That Terry's tea cup. Yeah.
Hey. hey. listen. go on about Pru.
because this might have been
her last sighting.
Dobbie saw Pru sidling
into the front of the queue.
but Dobbie said something to her.
-What was it?
-"I saw you." I think she said.
She didn't half leg it.
She stormed out of our shop too.
You're her. aren't you?
You're the new hairdresser.
aren't you?
-CUSTOMERS: - Ooh!
-Yeah. Who's asking?
-It is her. yeah. She's from London.
-Do you do walk-ins?
Everyone welcome.
-Do you mind?
-25% off!
Here you go. Kev.
Get serving. lad.
That's another one mad for you.
You what?
Look at the size of your chips
compared to mine!
And... that young copper
from before. too.
Constable "Uh-huh".
Smitten.
You honestly don't know. do you?
Mmm.
These are the best chips in the
known world. though. aren't they?
-So what you thinking. Clary?
-Hmm?
The trajectory looked off to me.
-What do you mean?
-The body.
How it had... fallen.
WHISPERS: I used to cut
for the head of CID.
And he said.
"Every corpse tells a story."
It didn't look right
for a fall from a height.
The intersections of points
and plane relating to the body's
postulate configurations.
it did not. to me.
indicate a fall from a height.
-Loose ends.
-Lily?
-Hmm.
Have you solved crimes before?
LILY CHUCKLES
Let's just say... I used to help
sort things out sometimes.
Hairdressers.
-Charity shop.
-Mmm.
-Chippy.
-Uh-huh.
Then... brown bread.
Pru Never Queue.
and everybody knows that.
So what was it
that sent her running off like that?
Loose ends.
Lopsided. Got to clip it up neat.
Who wanted her...
dead?
Half the blinkin' village. it seems.
Clary...
it's murder.
BELL TOLLS
So...
what are we after?
Oh. I don't know.
Just a tidy up.
I always have the same.
Well. I think we can improve
on that. don't you. Clary?
-Aye.
-Ooh!
So. any more news on Miss Pru?
Only that the police think
it was an accident.
Aye. waiting to happen.
by the looks of things.
Still. what a way to go. hey?
You must have been
one of the last people to see her?
Aye. I suppose I was.
Shot out of that chippy door
like lightning.
What on earth did you say to her?
Oh. I don't know. really.
Just letting her know
I'd seen her pushing in.
Any news on that cup and saucer.
Dobbie?
No. not hide nor hair.
Where was everyone in the shop?
Well. Lonnie and me was on the till.
but I was mainly in the back room
with the Bad Lads.
sorting like billy-oh.
They're such good lads those too.
you know.
Just got off to a bad start.
I had a neighbour like that once -
Bess.
-Been inside but a diamond.
-Yeah?
I'd come home and I'd find her
siting in my front room
slurping tea and watching Countdown!
She could get in anywhere!
She showed me once too.
when I locked meself out.
Oh. yeah?
-Easier than you'd think. It was like slicing cake.
-Right.
You got any idea
what's happened to them. Dobbie?
Well...
biggest mistake. dear. was putting
the box unpacked near the door.
Bess always said.
"Thieves grab what's at hand."
"Put stuff well away."
So I checked that painting out
and nobody's heard of the artist.
Dranur. anywhere.
It's totally worthless.
So. what happened
to this cup and saucer?
We know it made it
to the charity shop. you.
-you dropped it off and you placed it down by the door.
-Mmm.
An inside job?
So. we have Dobbie and Lonnie.
Unlikely.
Well. Dobbie. who claims
she was in the back the whole time.
-which seems plausible.
-True.
So the Bad Lads?
I mean. they have records.
and I don't mean K-tel's
greatest hits.
What about Miss Pru?
LILY GASPS
She's a kleptomaniac.
And don't forget That Terry.
Yes! He's a ruthless and determined
little beggar by all accounts.
What if Miss Pru took it
and Terry found out?
He could have gone up to hers
to get it back.
And then there's Race Runard.
the antiques dealer.
Yes. Now. Val hinted that he and Pru
knew each other in some way.
What if his interest in the tea cup
and in Pru somehow smashed together?
Oh. dog. if only you could tell us
what happened to Miss Pru.
At the moment. it's only us
that think it could be murder.
So. with all that in mind...
where's me next loose end
coming from?
Wait! That name.
Look at in the mirror backwards.
The artist's signature.
Yes! That there.
Dranur becomes...
Runard.
-Mmm.
-Yes. so lamentable about the teacup and saucer.
I even made a space for it
in the cabinet over there. you see.
I don't suppose
we will ever see it again.
By the way. that is me
with the Honourable Teacup Society
of Japan.
Do you think anyone who was around
knows of its whereabouts?
Like whom?
BOTH CHUCKLE
I wonder if I might call on you
to appraise an item for me?
Well. of course. indeed you may.
Would you know...
-if this is worth anything?
-No.
No. that's not my field.
I'm afraid. no.
Strange.
Cos I'm a hairdresser. I could read
War and Peace quicker in the mirror
than I could the right way round.
And if you look
at the artist's signature there.
if you read that in a mirror...
it says Runard.
Yes.
So. what are you going to do?
Oh...
I mean. if it's out. it's out.
Truth be told. I'm glad.
You see. it was a joke.
It's always been my weakness.
I'm afraid.
I've always been
the practical joker.
The pricker of pomposity.
-Just couldn't help it.
-So...
how did the painting end up
in the hotel?
Ah. the owner of the hotel.
a veritable pontificating prig.
he reckoned himself to be
a connoisseur of modern art.
So. I. I hatched a ruse. you see.
I created paintings with a...
with a toothbrush
and a kid's paint palette.
I invented an artist.
And. yes. yes. I did give him
a clue. to be fair.
I did give him that signature
and then I charged him a shed load
of wonga.
Oh. I see.
Well. I mean.
I was going to return it.
once his humiliation was complete.
-What happened?
-It backfired.
That ferreting Miss Pru
discovered that they were fake.
And she told him.
And what did he do?
Well. he did not see the funny side.
No. in fact. he went completely mad.
I had to return the money twice over
in order to keep him
from the police.
Because even though I'd made good.
in my game. any whiff of fakery
could have ruined me.
Mmm.
And Miss Pru?
Ah.
Well. she blackmailed me.
stalked me. fell for me!
I'm not quite sure
which of those was worse.
So I hated her. yes. I did.
And I must admit I looked to my
beloved blunderbuss more than once.
Joke!
Yes. See. there I go again.
So. yes. a sad end. ultimately.
but being vanquished by her own swag
does have a sort of poetic justice.
doesn't it?
And it's blinking handy.
ECHOEY SPEECH: So. this cup and
saucer. turns out it's worth about
35 grand.
So we think that
there's a very good reason
why a kleptomaniac such as Miss Pru
might have come to ill
for taking it.
Well. I find it all a bit far
fetched. girls. I'm sorry to say.
Pru stole it and then
somebody murdered her for it?
Our investigations point to
nothing of that nature.
It was clearly an accident.
'Ey. Lil. what keeps you
so young-looking?
Oh! What you doing?
The first exercise
in the ancient and secret.
Five Tibetans.
Oh? What you on about?
Bit mystical.
Once upon a time.
many. many years ago.
I gave a mammoth strim
to a hairy old Shaman-type.
claimed to be 80.
Honestly. looked 45 or less.
-Never?
-He was so pleased. he gave me a tip.
"Do this every day." And he passed
me a tatty dog-eared booklet -
-The Fountain of Youth.
-Oh!
So the ancient secret
to the fountain of youth
is spinning round and round?
And you do that
every Saturday night.
Oh. good God! You're going to
live forever.
Hey. watch it. I might.
I touch me toes twice a week
and I bomb around town most days.
and when I can afford it.
I sup an eggnog.
Yes. youth. A core tenant
of maintaining it
is a strong social circle
and a positive mindset.
Well. there you go.
that's hairdressing.
Do summat. Save me.
Hey. you're going to be
inundated now.
Inundated.
Yeah. it's all over the town how you
took 25 years off Val with that cut.
Dobbie. too.
-Yeah!
-It is all over town.
Wonder how that is?
Mmm. well. they say good news
travels fast.
Yeah. it does.
Good and bad news with you -
the Pony Express.
I don't know
what you're insinuating.
I really don't.
Well. whatever it is.
we're grateful.
THEY SING ALONG TO RECORD
♪ La. la. la. la. la
♪ Doo. do. do. do. do-oo
♪ Arrrrghhh! ♪
Hey!
You haven't got any Country.
have you?
-What?
-Country and Western.
Here she goes. Every second Friday.
she's down the Rose and Crown.
plastered. singing
Harper Valley PTA.
Will you shut it. Shirl? I meant
'70s Country and Western.
Dolly. Willie. Kenny. Tammy?
Oo! You're talking
my very language there. Hey!
Shall we get you up.
Hey. Lil. this
cup and saucer business.
what's it like? Have you seen it?
I've seen a picture.
Yeah. so. well. the saucer.
delicate. goldy.
Yeah. it's got all this
gorgeous gold around the rim.
Like that there?
It is the very one.
Oh. my God!
How could we not see that?!
God o' mercy!
What next?
-They need bringing together.
-The cup and the saucer.
Oh. it'll be all over town
in a millisecond.
Wincey. she can't wait.
She's like a town crier
on roller blades.
DISTORTED SPEECH ON PHONE
I'm sorry. I can't hear you.
The cup and saucer.
she could have been
killed for them.
All right. listen.
I'll pop by tomorrow. all right.
Will Clary be about. by any chance?
POLICE RADIO BEEPS
Oh. look. I'll have to go.
I'll have to go.
He'll be round first thing.
So... Pru had them all along.
Someone would stop at nothing.
Hey. I'm getting worried for you
all on your own.
Oh. come now.
Why?
35.000 reasons.
Oh. I am. I'm scared for you
all alone.
Well. who knows
who Wincey's told by now
or what the value's
been exaggerated to.
I'm going to call Adam back.
He'll be round first thing
in the morning.
and I've stashed the saucer safe.
Well. then I'm staying with you.
No. you are not.
Away with your bother.
Hey. I've seen David Carradine
in all the Kung Foos.
-I'd really rather stay.
-No.
-Yes. - No. - Yes.
-Yes.
-No. Away with you!
-I just think...
-You're going to miss the last bus.
Shoo! Or I'll give you a bowl cut!
I will.
You know I'm not lying. Out you go.
No. no. no. no! Excuse me!
Oh!
Can I give you a lift?
RUSTLING
BANGING
Oh!
DOG BARKS
BANGING ON DOOR
CLATTER
-You all right?
-Yes. That way.
Oh. Lily. I was too worried
about you.
-I had to get him to call in now.
-I'm all right. I'm all right.
Hey. come on.
LOUD SNEEZE
They've vanished without a trace.
Are you sure you're OK?
-I think we'd better get you checked out.
-No.
Just shook up. that's all.
Good thing Clary got me to check in.
I was going to leave it
till morning.
Did you get a look at who it was?
Dog and Sir Swivel saved me.
CHURCH BELL CHIMES
So. we have...
the fury of That Terry.
The blackmail of Race.
That sneeze.
BINGO CALLER: - We will be
playing our yellow cards this afternoon.
for our national matinee prize bank.
So. get your dobbers at the ready
and get yourselves settled in
and we'll be with you
in just a few ticks.
Doris Briggs?
What?
I need to speak to you in relation
to the death of Prudence Snook.
I don't understand.
Can you explain this?
It's a bingo dobber.
It has your initials on it
and it was found at the crime scene.
That Pru must have stolen it.
We had it fingerprint tested and
yours are on it and Pru's weren't.
We have your fingerprints on the
police database from the time that
you were convicted of a burglary
in Birmingham a number of years ago.
Oh.
We'll be conducting a search
of your house.
I'm so sorry.
So sorry.
So here we go! Eyes down looking
for this afternoon's Big One.
We are hooked up all around the
world. and the prize is enormous!
Glad it's out.
Such a burden it's been.
What happened. Dobbie?
25. duck and dive.
Number 25.
Me lucky dobber dobbed me in. eh?
I realised I'd dropped it.
went back for it
but couldn't get to look.
you lot there.
Number 71. seven and one.
71.
Hoped for the best. that it would
get rolled in with everything else.
but not to be.
What happened? Why?
13. Unlucky for some!
13.
I'm in massive debt
due to bingo addiction.
Six and seven. 67.
Here or online. I can't stop!
Eight and two..
When I heard the worth of it.
teacup and saucer.
saw that Pru in the chippy.
put two and two together.
I didn't know it was her
that stole it. but
I took a chance and said to her
in the chippy queue. "I saw you."
Then I knew for sure.
Got in through the back door.
like Bess taught me.
But only the cup were there.
I couldn't find the saucer.
Six and four. 64.
If I could have found the saucer.
I'd have been out of there.
Who'd have known
it were full of dog food?!
Number 52. Five and two.
Then Pru came back unexpectedly.
threatened me.
went to call the police.
I pushed over one of the piles.
It fell down on her.
I panicked.
Saw a step ladder. put it down.
made it look like an accident.
Fled.
Number 11. Legs 11.
Number four. Knock at the door.
Number four.
Seven and eight. 78.
There's £80.000 at stake.
We must be getting close
to a winner now.
Number three. on its own.
Cup of tea!
Number three.
Three and five. 35.
-Bingo!
-And there we have a winner!
♪ Get up. everybody. and sing
♪ We are family... ♪
There he is.
Stunning!
I'm telling ya -
Juliet Bravo. Cagney and Lacey
and every Charlie's Angels
got nothing on you. Lily.
You are a veritable crimper
and crime buster.
Oh. steady on.
I wouldn't have got anywhere without
double-o apprentice here!
Eh? Come on.
Anyway. Val. go on.
what were you saying?
So. That Terry got paid by Race
and even gave me some severance pay!
EVERYONE: Ooh!
-Lonnie. are you with me?
-Am I?!
♪ We are family... ♪
Go on. girl. here we go!
♪ I got all my sisters with me
♪ We are family... ♪
Come on!
♪ Get up. everybody. and sing
♪ We are family
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ I got all my sisters with me
♪ We are family
♪ Get up everybody and si-i-i-ing
♪ We are family! ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org